[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[man-pages.files__]
file_filter = translations/files__/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files__.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_a]
file_filter = translations/files_a/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_a.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_b]
file_filter = translations/files_b/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_b.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_c]
file_filter = translations/files_c/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_c.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_d]
file_filter = translations/files_d/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_d.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_e]
file_filter = translations/files_e/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_e.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_f]
file_filter = translations/files_f/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_f.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_g]
file_filter = translations/files_g/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_g.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_h]
file_filter = translations/files_h/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_h.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_i]
file_filter = translations/files_i/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_i.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_j]
file_filter = translations/files_j/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_j.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_k]
file_filter = translations/files_k/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_k.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_l]
file_filter = translations/files_l/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_l.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_m]
file_filter = translations/files_m/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_m.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_n]
file_filter = translations/files_n/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_n.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_o]
file_filter = translations/files_o/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_o.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_p]
file_filter = translations/files_p/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_p.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_q]
file_filter = translations/files_q/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_q.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_r]
file_filter = translations/files_r/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_r.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_s]
file_filter = translations/files_s/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_s.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_t]
file_filter = translations/files_t/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_t.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_u]
file_filter = translations/files_u/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_u.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_v]
file_filter = translations/files_v/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_v.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_w]
file_filter = translations/files_w/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_w.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_x]
file_filter = translations/files_x/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_x.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_y]
file_filter = translations/files_y/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_y.pot
source_lang = en

[man-pages.files_z]
file_filter = translations/files_z/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/files_z.pot
source_lang = en

